
what name do is that it helps us to call that serve like about can be called with a when we willbe using

it in our website from any template rather than everythime calling about admiministration or admin and such things
so we use small words so that our typing is less and user can aldo understand and we make least effforts.


when you want to create an temolate at that time remeber that put the name template or template in the DIR od setting.py
and also then create a folder/directoryt of the same name in the place where the manage.py is kept
and then make an html file in it.


h1 is the font size with h1 the biggest and h6 the least and the last

form in html is a place where the use enters the required details and it is just like a form which we
use in our everyday life.

anything to be specified is done inside the '>' in htnml

question:how \r carriage return work?
answer:pass

for the meta tags <meta> in html's head part:
what meta tags do is that it communicates with the webbrowser ands seach engine and show us about the 
various aspects:
like:

1.we can set name = 'description' then content= 'anything that we want like the description of 
this page'.
all the above are done in < meta >
2.in the same way all the other things are done as in 1 .we set name and then content and so on.
### for more info visit this video link "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9F3DYxcxa4k"


question:what is utf - 8 in our head's default meta tag.

what this do is that it is responsible to convert or tranform the given response from website(set by us
or coders) and then convert it to what we can understand like the characters.
utf -8 is defauult because it is best and also highly recommended.


what is the use of robots in html's head:

in meta tag is that it connects our website to the search engine
or the webbrowser and so if we type r then the recommendation will come to open or go to that website
as its been recommend by us and also the user may look for it.if we want then we enter two words
firstlyy,INDEX and for no 'NOINDEX' and the second is FOLLOW and if not then NOFOLLOW.

question: How can we include external css,if we have created one:
answer: do this <link rel = 'stylesheet' href='.css extension'>

what is emmet abbrievation:

it is soemthing which makes our things faster and continuously give us suggestions important 
in html document or even css or java and it comes as a built in function in vs code.

what is the boliler plate in web development:

see boiler plate is the name for the starting template of a website that is neceessary in a htnl or 
css or js or xml or xhtml or any such document.it is the very important setup before any other task can be 
performed.

what is a tag in html:

see a tag in html always have a opening and a closing tag which is neccessary
some like br and also many other are there which are itself self-closing tag.

what exactly are h1 h2 h3 tags or the heading tags and so on till h6 do:

1.at very first they are used for gving heading to our website at different places
and please dont use it as an ay of writing or giving font or boldness o our website
as it is not what it does,it just gives the heading.

2.they give the size of our title or what we write in different sizes and font.
with h1 being giveing the highest size and h6 the lowest size. 

3.and it is used in the following way:
<h1>your content</h1> instead of one just write 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 or 6 according to your will.


* use alt + z to move to the next line without if our writing get out of screen.



what is tag and its atrribute mean:
like see in html <a>(anchor) is its tag and href is its atrribute and so on.
thats difference between tag and attribute .also in <meta> name is its atrribute and so on.
what will an attribute do is that it will provide an new property to the tag like in 
anchor tag the taraget property will make it capable going to a site by opening a new tab.that would helps us .so that is the use of the atrribute of a tag in html. 


what is list:
one is ol-ordered list and ul-unordered list .
we can change types of bullets to them:
1.for ol = 1,A,a,I,i are the 5.
1.for ul = disc,square,circle
We can put list inside another list.


what is Table:
see table is just like table we want or do in ms excel.it have rows and columns
imp tags:table
some table sub-tags:
td = it is table data # to enter data in a row.
tr = table row # to create a row
th = for giving hrading to the tr  (number of times this will determine no of no. of columns
                                    it is simply say the info that are needed.)


what are sementic tags:
they are tags which communicate with the browser and show the thngs in a more better way such that the broser may understand and loook into our website.
like if user says food and i also have a website then googole or any search engine will go and see in my semantic tags thst is their any section for food if yes than it will rank my wensite earlier or in upper of th search lists.
but without the probability of above thing to happen reduces.


the use of div is that it divides html section into various sections.
div is a container which keeps that in it
its impact and use can only be seen when we use css for differents divs.
you can visit down if you want:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKfsmV6otEM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fW1-qgjFhpE




